#1 What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Initializing a repository creates a .git directory inside it, thereby making it a repository. Without initializing, this will remain a regular directory

#2 How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area provides a space to prepare the files that will be commit. If multiple files are modified in the working directory, the staging area can be used to select which ones to commit to the repository.

#3 How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
By add files to staging area after one logical change is completed, we can ensure that a single commit is carried out for that specific file after a specific change.

#4 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would be particularly useful when you want to experiment with something new. I would consider branching out when the change is big enough and also doesn't necessary fit into the actual master plan.

#5 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams make it easy to visualize the flow between commits and the branches.

#6 What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging two branches combines all the changes made since the branch diverged from its parent. In a way it creates a new master that contains the changes from the master branch and the one that diverged from it. The way it is represented in the diagram allows us to visualize it in the most correct manner.

#7 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
While automatic merging is useful, in case of conflicts, manual merging provides the perfect opportunity to ensure that you are committing the correct changes to your code. Pros of automatic merging would be speed and convenience while cons could be potential of mistakes or guess work. Pros of manual merging would be high accuracy and control over your changes while its cons could be that its more time consuming.
